# Minordegree
This project is a extension to the existing grade calculation system of the B.Tech degree adding an additional module of the minor degree to the student details who are pursuing this courses. The existing system doesn’t contain the data bases to store and access the information regard- ing the minor degree. So to provide a way to manage, access and store the data regarding the minor degree. We try to produce some changes to the existing framework and introduce a new framework that acknowledges the importance of the minor degree data in the data of students who are studying them.This project serves as a user friendly interface for both the teachers and students. This serves as a platform from registration of student in a minor degree to their grades calculation, GPA calculation and display of the results of the minor degree to the students. It also provide the roll list of the students registered for the minor degree to their respective lecturers so they can manage the exam data and will be able to access them easily for grading at the end.The students will be also able to view their grades of minor courses along with the regular course grades and also it will be included in the GPA of that particular student.In this project we are using Django as the web framework. Django provides a good security along with its ability to make the web pages dynamic which adds a new flavor to the website. Django eases the com- plex task of linking the database to website by Object-Relational-Models(O.R.M). Django uses Model View Template (M.V.T) architectural pattern. It is mostly python based which makes it easy to code compared to others. For the back end Relational Database Management System we are using PostgreSQL. It emphasizes the concept of extensibility and SQL compliance. We are using Django along with PostgreSQL because PostgreSQL has a customized offering to tackle complex databases and it can improve the performance. We also used technologies like pandas, numpy to deal with the reading of data from different file formats.
